What do you do | We create bespoke software solutions with strong emphasis on AI. Our services cover Data Preprocessing, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing. 
What is your field of work | We create bespoke software solutions with strong emphasis on AI. Our services cover Data Preprocessing, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing. 
What is data annotation | Data preprocessing, a component of data preparation, describes any type of processing performed on raw data to prepare it for another data processing procedure. It has traditionally been an important preliminary step for the data mining process. More recently, data preprocessing techniques have been adapted for training machine learning models and AI models and for running inferences against them. Data preprocessing transforms the data into a format that is more easily and effectively processed in data mining, machine learning and other data science tasks. 
Where are you located | We are situated in small town of Lipik in continental part of Croatia. Surrounded by nature and greenery, with it's mild climate and friendly people, Lipik is great place for living and working. 
Hoe old is your company | We are young cluster consisting of expirienced programmers  
How many members do you have | Oprosti, ne razumijem. Preformulirajte pitanje pa me opet pitajte. 
Tell me more about human pose detection | Human pose detection is a way of identifying and classifying the joints in the human body. Essentially it is a way to capture a set of coordinates for each joint (arm, head, torso, etc.,) which is known as a key point that can describe a pose of a person. The connection between these points is known as a pair. The connection formed between the points has to be significant, which means not all points can form a pair. From the outset, the aim of human pose detection is to form a skeleton-like representation of a human body and then process it further for task-specific applications. 
What is hand gesture recognition | Gesture recognition is technology that uses sensors to read and interpret hand movements as commands. In the automotive industry, this capability allows drivers and passengers to interact with the vehicle — usually to control the infotainment system without touching any buttons or screens. 
What is data processing | Data preprocessing, a component of data preparation, describes any type of processing performed on raw data to prepare it for another data processing procedure. It has traditionally been an important preliminary step for the data mining process. More recently, data preprocessing techniques have been adapted for training machine learning models and AI models and for running inferences against them. Data preprocessing transforms the data into a format that is more easily and effectively processed in data mining, machine learning and other data science tasks. 
What is recommending system | Recommending systems are the systems that are designed to recommend things to the user based on many different factors. These systems predict the most likely product that the users are likely to purchase and are of interest to. The recommender system deals with a large volume of information present by filtering the most important information based on the data provided by a user and other factors that take care of the user's preference and interest. It finds out the match between user and item and imputes the similarities between users and items for recommendation. Both the users and the services provided have benefited from these kinds of systems. The quality and decision-making process has also improved through these kinds of systems. 
What is enity recognition | Oprosti, ne razumijem. Preformulirajte pitanje pa me opet pitajte. 
What is entity recognition | Named entity recognition (NER)is probably the first step towards information extraction that seeks to locate and classify named entities in text into pre-defined categories such as the names of persons, organizations, locations, expressions of times, quantities, monetary values, percentages, etc. NER is used in many fields in Natural Language Processing, and it can help answering many real-world questions, such as:' Which companies were mentioned in the news article?', 'Were specified products mentioned in complaints or reviews?', 'Does the tweet contain the name of a person?'   
What is the idea of your company | Oprosti, ne razumijem. Preformulirajte pitanje pa me opet pitajte. 
How did you make up your name | Oprosti, ne razumijem. Preformulirajte pitanje pa me opet pitajte. 
Are u working with EU | Necu ti rec 
Who is your founder | We are young cluster consisting of expirienced programmers  
What services do you offer | Our services range from data preprocessing, creating custom solutions for various problems using computer vision and natural language processing models. For more information check our catalog. 
What can you do for me | Our services range from data preprocessing, creating custom solutions for various problems using computer vision and natural language processing models. For more information check our catalog. 
